“I should be getting close now” Aether said as he adventured through the depths of the chasm, the quiet and still environment to the point where he could hear water droplets hit the floor which only added to the eeriness of the place. “Ah there we are\!” Aether said gently as he stood still and admired the ruined buildings in the distance as that is the whole reason he was down there, or well officially that is the reason but in truth it was selfish desires he was there.

To explore the depths of the chasm you need express permission from the Tianquan of Liyue and the Tianquan of course is someone he knows well so knowing that Ningguang owed him some favours Aether went to talk with her about exploring the chasm for possible clues to lead him to his sister. However, his true intentions were much more selfish in nature as the real reason he wanted to explore the chasm was to see what on earth he could find, wither it was an old relic or maybe some hidden treasure or perhaps he might find a clue to his sisters' whereabouts.

But it wasn’t a total win for him as his best friend in the world of tevat Paimon, sadly was prohibited from going with him and the reason was because the chasm had grown more dangerous lately hence why Aether needed to ask Ningguang for permission to go into the chasm. Aether and Paimon tried to negotiate Paimon being able to go however the more they pressed the more it would end up neither of them would go down, so begrudgingly Aether accepted Ningguangs terms.

He was free to explore wherever he wanted to unless there was a specially marked sign telling him not to, so with the terms of the contract settled Aether set off to the chasm while Paimon hung about Liyue catching up with some of her and Aether’s friends. As Aether continued to walk towards the ruins, being by himself it allowed him to slightly zone out and think to himself with many different thoughts and experiences coming to his head, as he did though his mind shifted tracks and he began to thinking about just how much he’d been able to explore his sexual desires and other fetishes while travelling tevat.

Deeply loving the fact that he could think about multiple time where he could live out his dream and indulge in his love of being tickle and sexually tortured; First there was the time with Lisa and her punishing him for accidentally stealing a library book through tickling and edging him, then there was the time with the Whopper flower and how it tickled and edged him before making him cum by tickling and penetrating his ass for him only to be saved by sister Rosaria, who then decided that she wanted to train Aether to take scenario like these on better by torturing him more.

Then when he got back to Liyue he continued to face more torment at the hands of a Ruin robot in a Ruin factory in which he was forced to endure hellish tickle torture, long gruelling edging before then having his cum milked and his soles brutally tickled. Even the Tianquan was able to get his hands on and torture him as one time he was visiting Ningguang in the jade chamber he accidentally broke an ancient relic, which he paid for by submitting to Ningguang for a week long submission session in which he learned Ningguang’s most private secrets and how evil she can be.

But all those experiences left Aether feeling pretty satisfied and was more than happy to get a break from all the tickle and sexual torture, this is unless someone wanted and had a good reason to torture him, then he'd be down for more. As Aether got closer to the ruins, he sighted he stumbled across an unusually vibrant and lush pathway leading to what seemed to be an oasis of sorts with fresh looking water and beautiful looking plants, “what’s a place like this doing down here” Aether said sounding slightly shocked.

Then his curious mind made him start approaching it with a pip in his step as it gave him a place to relax after all the walking he’d been doing, as he approached it though his excitement was curved a little as he then saw a sign saying only yanshun teahouse members have authorization beyond this point. “Ugh really? Why though what could possibly be so dangerous about this” Aether said in a disappointed tone, the oasis looked so beautiful with its crystal-clear water and lush green plants and vibrant, colourful plants.

The more Aether looked at this beautiful scenery the more and more he felt the urge to explore it but knew that if he did, he’d be breaking his contract with Ningguang and Morax knows what she would do to him if he broke it. However, after much self-deliberation Aether decided that the risk would be worth it as; A\) he wanted to cleanse himself a little has he’d gotten all dirty and sweaty from all the walking and climbing and B\) realistically how would Ningguang know if Aether broke the contract.

As the way he saw it, he wasn’t being followed by anyone and Ningguang wasn’t with him, so with a decision made Aether charged towards the lake in the middle of the oasis and once there took no time falling onto the grass and just lay there appreciating the environment. “Haaaa I really do wish Paimon was here to see this” Aether said and let his eye guide his head, until it made him look at the clear blue water which made Aether get up and kneel in front of it smiling.

“Well, this seems nice enough to clean myself” Aether then said with a smile and cupped some of the water in his hand and washed his face with it, clearing off all the sweat and dirt then once he had, he then got the idea to wash his feet as well. As he could feel the sweat soak his socks a little, so in a flash Aether had stripped himself of his boots and sock to reveal his big size 12 feet after which he rolled his pants up his legs a big and then slipped the lower half of his legs into the water and felt the cool refreshing water clean his feet.

“Mmmmhmhmm oohohoh yyeheheaahh” Aether then said slightly giggling to himself as he rubbed his soles together in the water, the sensitivity of his soles making him giggle as he did so and after a moment he stopped and again looked around at where he was. Shocked that a place so beautiful was located in such a dangerous place, Aether slightly kicking his feet as he looked about, but this motion however made him look down at his feet and start to mind wander.

The more he stared at the tops of his bare feet, the more the memories of how he’s felt them be brutally tickle tortured flooded his mind, making him blush and imitatively curl his soles as he started to remember the sensation of all the brushes and sharp nail claw at his hypersensitive soles. A lass the moment soon passed, and Aether continued to enjoy the relaxing feeling he was experiencing and really let his guard down, which would prove to be a mistake as what Aether didn’t know was hostiles was slowly approaching him.

“Seriously why was this place cornered off? I bet Ningguang had that sign put there so that she could use it as a private oasis” Aether then said to himself and really thought about the sign he saw and remembered on key word, “Yanshan” and then it soon became clear to him. “I bet Ningguang doesn’t even know about this spot and Yelan is using her connection to Ningguang, to seal this place off for herself for when she’s down her working/slacking off\!” Aether stated loudly in an exasperated manner.

This however would prove to backfire as soon Aether started to hear loud footsteps, he turned around to see three shadowy husks approach him, “oh crap\!” Aether then said and shot up from where he was sitting and tried to ready himself for battle. In the panic to get ready however he struggled to get his boots back on and ready his sword, all the while mentally kicking himself for thinking that the sign was put there for selfish reasons.

“Damit, damit” Aether then said panicking and by the time he’d gotten to his feet the three shadowy husks had surrounded him and where ready to attack, Aether then drew his dull blade and swung for the shadowy husk: defender who’d readied an arrow shot for him. Aether manging connect his blade with the husk defender; however, this left him open to be smacked by the side of the husk line breakers lance and sent flying across the cave and hit a wall, Aether smacking his head first resulting in him getting dizzy.

Then as he lay slumped against the wall, he saw the husk standard bearer slam his war banner on the ground which then buffed it and the two other shadowy husks that where there, at which point they approach Aether again and as they did Aether weakly crawls to his feet to fight. Then just as he’s ready to try and fight “well it seems I need to bail you out of another sticky situation” Aether then heard a very familiar voice say, then saw a blue line of string be woven between each of the shadowy husks.

Then in a flash Aether saw then lines burst and Yelan appear in front of him, the water explosion from her lingering lifeline ability causing them the shadowy husks to collapse to the ground “Yelan where did?” Aether then began to say stunned. Then amongst all the confusion Aether finds his wrists being tied together by Yelan’s string which was formed by her bracelet, “no time to talk right now so move” Aether then heard Yelan say commandingly and then swiftly pulled along to safety by Yelan.

Eventually the oasis was a distant view for the two and once it was the two stopped running “ha, ha, ha, thank you for the-” Aether then started to say as he went to thank Yelan for saving him, it swiftly forced to his knees by Yelan and then felt his wrists be tied to the ankles of his boots by Yelan. “Yelan why are you doing this?\!?” Aether said in a confused and shocked tone. All the while watching as Yelan walked back in front of him after tying him up, then she sat on a rock in front of him and looked it him with a sly smile on her face and her legs crossed.

“So, mister hero of Liyue can I ask why you were in a sealed off place? As there’s a sign right there saying “only yanshun teahouse members have authorization beyond this point”, oh and I know Ningguang didn’t give you permission so don’t lie and say that” Yelan then said in a sly but serious manner. Aether also knew this as from interacting with Yelan he knows all too well that the jurisdiction of exploring the depths of the chasm does belong to the Yanshun teahouse, meaning any rules they set down here is effectively breaking the law.

Knowing this Aether now understood why he had to sign the contract saying that he wouldn’t explore places that were clearly signed off, “yes you are right while I am allowed to be exploring down here directly from Ningguang I’m not allowed to explore any signed off areas” Aether said in a defeated manner. “As for why well I thought that the sign he been misplaced or something like that as I didn’t see any reason for why it was sealed off to the public” Aether then added trying to explain his line of thinking, however Yelan stands up and kneels in front of him.

“So what you mean is, you couldn’t see any immediate threat so you thought that I’d just shut this place off so I and other Yanshun teahouse members could use it as a private rest spot for when we do work down here, then thinking that wasn’t fair went to the spot to relax yourself only to get attacked, correct?” Yelan then asked in a confidant manner. Knowing that she’d sussed out Aether perfectly with this being confirmed by the way he blushed and looked towards the ground, “Yelan, I’m really, really sorry is there any way you can forget this all happened?” Aether said in a begging tone.

“Sorry Aether even national heroes aren’t above the law and as you broke rules in my jurisdiction, I have full authorization to punish you however I see fit\!” Yelan said with a smug evil smile which caused Aether to get scared and shake. “Please Yelan I’ll do anything\!” Aether then pleaded as he felt Yelan lean towards him, “sorry but you’re mine now Aether and I know just how to punish you without hurting you and leave any physical scars” Yelan then whispered sounding a little sexual.

Before Aether could react, he feels Yelan lightly tickle his exposed belly with her fingers, causing the sensitive traveller to burst into a fit of giggles “ehehehehe nnohohohohoooo” Aether then giggled as he wiggled frantically, trying his best to dodge Yelan’s fingers. Thankfully for him the tickling stops just as quickly as it started however it made Aether feel pitiful, as now his weakness to tickling has been exposed to Yelan and know her Aether knew she would take full advantage of this.

“Wonderful the fun I had planned really relied on you being ticklish and since you are let’s have some fun together before I punish you” Yelan said mischievously and firstly freed Aether of his restraints and let him stand freely, after which Yelan started walking forward and watched as Aether trailed behind her like a dog following its owner. All the while Yelan thought to herself and wondered just how much she could break Aether, “come, come Aether no need to be scared” Yelan said suggestively and pressed Aether to walk beside her as the two walked out of the chasm and back to Liyue Harbor.

By the time the two reach the bustling centre of Liyue harbour it was deep in the afternoon, the sun was out in full force and all the different traders and street vendors were selling their wears however for Aether and Yelan they had their own plans and for Aether their first stop was a confusing one. As for whatever reason Yelan had escorted Aether to of all places Ying’er’s  perfume shop the scent of spring, “so tell me again why we’re stopping here?” Aether asked totally confused “oh you’ll see Aether” Yelan said in a vague and playful tone.

Shortly after Ying’er would appear “ah hello lady Yelan you’re just on time for your slot but might I ask why Aether is with you?” Ying’er then asked sounding a little confused, “ok so I know this might be a long shot, but could you also give dear Aether’s feet a pedicure?” Yelan asked in happy tone of voice. But Ying’er only looked more confused as while Yelan was standing there smiling, she saw Aether look at Yelan with an expression of total shock and confusion, “well another customer cancelled on me today so I would have the time, but my main question is why?” Ying’er said totally stunned at the situation unfolding.

Aether himself though was totally stunned, feeling flustered and embarrassed and it was a feeling he was softly getting off on, however Yelan being the quick thinker she is had a solution “right so without going into confidential details Aether’s going to do some undercover work for her and needs to look more feminine” Yelan then explained calmly. After she did Ying’er’s confused expression turned to one of a more calm and pleasant one, “ah I see, and I take it that if you’re asking this his feet are going to be on display?” Ying’er then asked in a soothing tone.

“Something like that, oh and don’t worry about the payment for Aether’s the yanshun teahouse is covering it” Yelan then explained, to which Ying’er happily accepted and took the pair of them into the back of her shop where her spa room is. As they walked Aether slowly dragged himself behind Yelan, feelings of utter embarrassment and helplessness to his current situation and as he walked, he looked up to see Yelan turn her head towards him and then felt a shiver go down his spine as he saw Yelan mouth the words “prepare to suffer later”.

Once in Ying’er’s spa room, she told Aether to take a seat in front of Ying’er’s spa chair while Yelan herself sat in the spa chair and as those two done that Ying’er prepped the tools she would need to carefully pamper the two’s soles, as Aether sat there feeling very shy and timid. His mind began rushing through everything that had happened to him today to lead him to this situation, as well as what is likely going to happen to him and it’s while he’s doing this, he feels his heart stop as he realizes what’s going to happen.

By the time he did and looked over at Yelan, he saw that her long thigh high boots had been removed and presented in front of him was Yelan’s perfect looking bare soles; the shape of them being long and slender, the skin looking as smooth as refined Cor lapis and her toes being long and slender. As Yelan relaxed she could see Aether get lost in staring at her soles and being someone who’s very clued in on people and different identities, she can spot someone who has a thing for feet a mile off and Aether was ticking all the boxes of a foot fetishist.

So, because of this Yelan decided to have a little fun with Aether and slowly moved her feet about in a teasing manner, lifting one foot up to wiggle it about while with her other on, she moved her toes about curling and spreading them which allowed Aether a good look at her dark blue painted toe nails. Eventually after a while Aether snapped out of his trance and looked up to see Yelan stare at him with a smug and commanding smile, then in that moment Aether sharply spun his head to the side with his face going as red as a pyro users vision.

How long had she saw him look at her soles, how long did her look at her soles, all these were questions running through his head as he wondered if he’d just giving his love of girl’s feet away, which was confirmed when he looked back up and continued to see Yelan smile smugly and waved at him with her feet. After that development Ying’er turned around to see not only Yelan smiling but Aether blushing, “is everything ok with you two?” Ying’er then asked confused to which Yelan nodded “yeah everything is fine I’m ready whenever you are” Yelan then said soothingly.

To which Ying’er smiled and went to work tending to Yelan’s perfect soles, Yelan closing her eyes and started to relax while Aether sheepishly looked up from the floor and stared are Ying’er went to work pampering Yelan’s soles. Watching with a blush on his face as Ying’er slowly rubbed Yelan’s soles with her fingers, the way her thumb marks slowly disappeared after only a few seconds on Yelan’s soles only made Aether appreciate Yelan’s feet even more.

As Aether stared in a content and shy manner at Yelan’s soles, Yelan herself would occasionally find herself opening one of her eyes and see Aether stare down at her feet, this making Yelan chuckle softly to herself and make her think on how she can use Aether’s foot fetish against him. Sometime later after Yelan’s feet had been pampered to perfection and her toe nails were now coated with a fresh coat of dark blue nail polish, “amazing work as always Ying’er” Yelan said in a grateful tone and slipped her boots back on much to Aether’s disappointment.

“Of course, Lady Yelan, you always seem to spend your time here relaxing with the services I provide so I’m always more than happy to welcome you back, plus...” Ying’er said and turned her attention to Aether who was still sitting there all shy and timid. “You always seem to bring me new clients no matter their background” Ying’er said sounding a little playful and walked over to Aether and picked up his hand, “are you ready for your turn?” Ying’er said excitedly and pulled Aether up from his seat and over to the spa chair, where Ying’er excitedly sits Aether down.

Aether then looked up at the two girls smiling at him at him smugly before then taking a gulp “y-y-yeah I guess I’m as ready as I’m going to be” Aether said shyly and before he knew it, Ying’er had already started stripping off his long black boots. Followed swiftly by his socks until eventually his bare soles were on display and what Ying’er saw stunned her, “Aether I’ve never known a male to have such feminine looking feet what is, your skin care routine\!” Ying’er said amazed at how good Aether’s feet looked.

They were long and slender just like Yelan’s but unlike her his toes were a lot rounder, they looked super smooth looking and unlike other guys Aether’s feet were totally clean shaven, as a matter of fact it looked like he didn’t even grow hair there. Ying’er wasted no time diving for Aether’s feet and began touching them ever so lightly, much to Aether’s surprise and causing him to jump slightly however as Ying’er felt up his soles she would learn that his smooth looking soles were as soft as pillows.

“My morax Aether, your feet are like a gem and thus I promise to treat them with the care they deserve” Ying’er said in an excited tone while being filled with determination, then darted over to a set of drawers and started pulling out all kinds of high-end products and equipment for pampering Aether’s feet. Then walked back over and stood in front of Aether smiling excitedly, this causing the blond-haired traveller to nervously curl his toes and flash off his bare toenails which looked pristine with no marks or cracks and looked super smooth looking.

“Even your toes look beautiful Aether, but enough messing about and let’s get these soles cared for” Ying’er said confidently and then kneeled in front of Aether’s feet after which she gently grabbed them making him flinch, “also they look so big, Aether what size are you?” Ying’er asked curiously. “T-t-twelve" Aether said shyly and looked up at Yelan who simply was enjoying watching Aether get super nervous and flustered, “I see so lots of room I have to work with” Ying’er added as squeezed some of the lotion she brought over onto her hand, then started rubbing them together.

Aether however was too distracted by his thoughts of being flustered as two older women had him in an awkward situation, only to be snapped out of it as Ying’er got to work rubbing the lotion on his soles, his soles that were hyper-sensitive to the point that even someone touching them made his body tremble. So as Ying’er rubbed both of Aether’s soles with the cold lotion Aether found himself instinctively start to shake his feet and hands about, his lips trembling as he tried not to laugh all the while Yelan watched closely at how Aether was reacting to even the soft touches on his soles.

“Oh? What's wrong dear are your soles that ticklish” Ying’er said playfully and grabbed a hold of Aether’s left foot and watched it wiggle as well as his toes scrunch, as she slowly dragged her index finger down his long lotioned sole. “YYEHEEHEHSSS TTHHEHEHEHEYY AAHAHAHREHEHEEE” Aether laughed loudly and thrashed wildly, Aether kicking his legs to much he nearly hit Ying’er in the face “ok I get it be careful” Ying’er said, quickly letting go of Aether’s foot as she jumped out the way of his wild kicking.

“I’m so, so sorry it’s just-” Aether said looking at Ying’er with his face redder than ever after which he looked up at Yelan who was looking at him with an evil look, “it’s fine Aether I’m all too used to my customers being ticklish however you are by far the most ticklish” Ying’er said playfully. This causing Aether too look away embarrassed, “so you said you needed Aether to look more feminine correct Yelan? Well, I can see why you picking him for this under work, he already has a pair of beautiful feminine looking soles, hell all I really need to do is paint his nail for you” Ying’er said sweetly.

After which she went to go get the nail painting equipment ready, as she did Aether then felt Yelan lean down next to him “wow I didn’t know that Liyue’s great hero had such an exploitable weakness” Yelan whispered gently in Aether’s ear. Rubbing his shoulders as she did this in turn making Aether groan in frustration, but not for the reason Yelan would think as the reason he was groaning is he was enjoying all this too much but had to try to hide he was loving it.

After taunting Aether for a little bit an evil idea “Ying’er I’ll back shortly I just need to run and pick up something for Aether’s... mission” Yelan said in a sly manner and looked at Aether mischievously, causing him to worry about just what she was planning next. “Sure, no worries and by time you’re done Mr Aether should have is nail nice and coated for whatever mission you need him for” Ying’er said calmly, “please to help him get into character call him miss Aether” Yelan then added mockingly which made Aether look at Yelan shocked.

However, while it shocked Aether it only confused Ying’er “right... well I guess we’ll see you soon” Ying’er then said and Yelan took her leave just as Ying’er knelt to deal with Aether’s toenails, as she was leaving though she heard behind her. “Right Aether let’s decorate these toes of yours” after she heard that she couldn’t help but smirk, however she had to focus as there was one more thing, she wanted to complete Aether’s feminization and thus ran to go grab them.

Sometime later Yelan returned to Ying’er’s shop and when she did, she pleasantly saw that Ying’er was just finishing up with Aether’s pedicure “ah Miss Yelan welcome back your partner in crime is all but ready for his mission or whatever it is\!” Ying’er said with an aura of confidence around her. This making Yelan looks down and inspect Ying’er’s work on Aether toes and when she said he was ready, she wasn’t kidding as his toes looked beautiful, his bare nails replaced with vibrant light yellow looking ones.

“I’ll say, Ying’er you done a perfect job in my eyes, Aether looks pretty much complete for what I need him for” Yelan said in an ambiguous tone, all the while Aether just sat there sheepishly letting the two talk and then started to put his socks back on. However, before he could Yelan stopped him “hold on a sec Aether I have something for you” Yelan said and he watched as Yelan reached into the bag she had with her and pulled out a pair of signature Liyue style flat, then revealed the size to be 12, “I’ll need you to wear these as A\) you’ll need to break them in for your mission and B\) we can’t have you ruin Ying’er’s hard work  by putting on your old pair of socks and boots” Yelan then explained. Handing Aether, the pair of flats with a look of seriousness on her face and not wanting to antagonize her any more than what he’d already done, Aether just nodded and took the shoes off Yelan and slipped them on his feet and if there was one thing Aether could be sure about with Yelan was her accuracy with information.

As the shoes were a perfect, “you’re looking more like a female Liyue citizen by the minute Aether all you need now is a dress and you’ll have all the equipment ready, but I’ll need you with me for that plus I’m sure Ying’er has other things to do as well” Yelan then said with a happy tone. After which her and Aether said their goodbyes and thank yous to Ying’er and left her shop with YIng’er herself left curious about just what are those two up do as well as why they needed to do all this, but she put it to the back of her mind and got back to work prepping for her next customer.

Meanwhile after a short walk Aether and Yelan end up at the outskirts of Liyue Harbour near where Mt Tianheng is, “so um why are we here Yelan, didn’t you say you were taking be back to the Yanshan teahouse?” Aether said feeling nervous and confused. “Aether dear listen the teahouse has many secret entrances on the outskirts of Liyue Harbour, entrances that lead directly to specific rooms so that we can be more effective in our work or make a quick escape” Yelan then started to explain as they reached an odd-looking bit of stone in the mountain.

“This specific entrance will take us to the room I’ll be using to punish with for your crime and with the clues that I’ve been dropping you I think you know what’s coming” Yelan said in a sly and calculated tone before then waving her bracelet over a specific part in the mountain. This causing the stone to move revealing a wooden door and once Yelan opened it the only thing Aether saw was a light and a ladder, a ladder that led underground and one he was being pressed to go down.

A short while later Aether found himself at the bottom of the ladder and staring down a long dimly lit tunnel, the walls made up of smooth stone which in turn was painted a red colour and at the end of the tunnel was a brown Liyue style door. “What is this...” Aether said to himself softly as he heard Yelan drop down behind him and when she did, he was caught off guard as he felt her ties his wrists behind his back with her threads which were formed by her lingering lifeline ability.

“Now that we’re away from the publics eyes I can begin to escort you like the true prisoner you are\!” Yelan said with a hint of evil in her tone, after which she pulls Aether towards her and then hooked her arm around his and held him tightly. “You’re also going to understand what it’s like to suffer when you don’t listen to the warnings of the Yanshan tea house” Yelan then whispered in an evil and commanding tone, after which Aether found himself be pushed closer to the wooden Liyue style door.

Once they reached the door Aether watched as Yelan opened it up to reveal a dark room but even in the darkness Aether could pick out some interesting looking objects, then after Yelan switched the lights on it was clear that what Aether saw. Was a tickle and sexual torture room filled to the brim with bondage devices/equipment all fitted with the purpose of tickle and sexually torturing someone, then as he was pressed into the room, he heard Yelan begin to whisper.

“So many choices to punish the great hero of Liyue with tickle and sexual torture and the tickling part I know will affect you greatly” Yelan whispered in an evil and smug manner, running her finger down Aether’s spine and feeling him shiver has he did so. “I’m sorry Yelan, I’m so, so sorry please you’ve punished me enough with how much you’ve embarrassed me\!” Aether pleaded desperately, “oh Aether I’ve done nothing yet, as not only do you just disregard rules but you’re also a big pervert” Yelan said with conviction in her tone.

“I mean come on I wonder how many times someone has had their feet on display and not noticed you staring at them lustfully, that said however I’ll be using this weakness to girl's feet you have against you that’s for sure” Yelan then said boldly. Then watched as Aether became a blushing mess “enough talk, let’s get you tied up for punishment” Yelan said evilly, then pulled Aether over to a section of the room with padded, metal chain linked ankle shackles attached to the roof.

Firstly, he finds himself having his hands secured behind his back tightly with rope and the padded ankle shacks with metal chains attached to the roof, be secured around both his ankles then after that Aether finds a soft collar be put around his neck which seemed to be attached to the roof just like the ankle shackles. Then after one look down, he feels even more embarrassed as he saw the collar had a tag on it that read slut on it and as the final added touch, ropes attached to the roof like the collar and padded ankle shackles was tied to the rope that held his arms behind his back.

“There that’s the first half done” Yelan then said, which made Aether look at her totally confused before then watching his dom push a button after which he felt himself be pulled into the air “Yelan what’s going on?\!?\!?” Aether said as he began to struggle about. Doing so causing his body to swing some side to side, “you’ll see me prisoner” Yelan said ominously, but that didn’t fill Aether with much hope as he then felt his ankles going high into the air above his head and his knees bending in the process, meanwhile the collar supports his head and gently pulls his neck back as his ankles are lifted and pulled forward.

The combination of this making Aether's back bend but do so in a couple comfortable manner, and after the shackles and collar stopped moving Aether felt a couple more bits of rope secured between his ankle shackles connecting them together as well as his crotch area all of which are tied together to pole with a metal ring that's bolted to the roof and is positioned right where his back is. The extra bits of rope now leaving Aether comfortably suspended in the air but the only parts of his body he would move was his head and feet... for now anyway, “my, my don’t you look positively helpless” Yelan then said smugly as she walked around Aether touching him to make sure he couldn’t wiggle about.

“Yelan please, this is far too much\!” Aether exclaimed as his head and ankles wiggled about furiously his eyes trying to follow Yelan’s shadow, “that’s for you to decide” Yelan then said in a slightly cold tone of voice, after which Aether saw her kneel in front of him. After she did, she proceeded to cup his face and kiss his cheek “no from now until the end of your punishment your mistress decides everything that happens to you” Yelan said in an evil manner and got up from the ground.

After which Aether followed her the best he could as she walked back behind his body to where his feet are, his ankles being positioned perfectly at Yelan’s chest area which made it easy for her to tickle him and that was something Aether knew was about to start. As he started to feel the flats, he was made to wear slowly slip off his feet revealing his; slender, smooth, soft, milky white, feminine looking size 12 soles and round bubbly toes with the nail painting and pampering Ying’er gave Aether making his feet look even cuter and even more sensitive.

As Aether felt his sole be exposed to the air, he found himself gently curling his toes and showed off to Yelan how soft the wrinkles on his soles looked when her curled his toes, “I must admit Aether you really have the perfect pair of feminine looked soles” Yelan said in a surprisingly complimentary manner. This compliment however only made him blush heavily and scrunch up his toes nervously and then the nerves in his stomach increased ten-fold, as he heard the flats drop to the ground and feel Yelan place her fingers on his buttery soft soles, “now then let’s see just how ticklish you are” Yelan said in a sly manner.

Then without hesitation Aether began to laugh loudly as he felt Yelan scribble her fingers all over his sensitive soles “NNNNAHAHAHAHHAAHA DDOHOHOHNNTTT TTHIHIHIHCKKLLHEHEHEHEHE MMMIHIHIHII FFEHEHEHEHEHEEEETT PLLEHEHEHEAHAHASSHEHEHEEEE” Aether then laughed loudly as he wiggled his ankles furiously. However, because of the way he was restrained he couldn’t effectively dodge Yelan’s fingers, “wonderful you’re even more ticklish than I could have imagined” Yelan said happily as she continued to attack Aether’s soles.

Her fingers going from his heels, up the length of his arches and then down the sides of his feet “NNOHOHOHHO MMOOHOHRHRRHEHEHEH TIHIHIHCKKLLEHEHEHSSS NNOHOHOHOO MMOHOHOHRREHEHEHE TTIHIHCKKLLEHEHEHSSS” Aether laughed loudly, wiggling his feet and head about. Then to his surprise Yelan did stop however it was for a much eviller reason “don’t get the wrong idea Aether more tickles are coming I just want to move to using... equipment” Yelan said vaguely, and Aether was forced to watch as Yelan walked back in view of him and over to a chest in the corner.

Try as he might Aether just couldn’t see what tools Yelan was pulling out of the chest she was at and when she was done, she was able to keep them expertly hidden from Aether’s view which only frustrated him more “why so annoyed Aether? you brought this on yourself” Yelan then said in a smug manner. As she walked back behind Aether to his ticklish sensitive soles, her remark only making Aether more annoyed at himself “now let’s see what happens when something soft touches your soft soles” Yelan said in her usual shy and smug tone.

Then before Aether could react, he felt to different kinds of feathers attack his soles one that was very fluffy and delicate feeling and the other was equally as soft, but it was a lot firmer, and both were able to make Aether lose it. “NNNSAAHAHAHAHAHAHATT FFEHEHAHAHAHTTHEHREHEHEHEHRRSSHSHSHS PLLEHJEHEHEHAHAHASSEHEHEHEH” Aether began to laugh wildly, the fibbers of each feather sending wave of ticklish shocks all over his body.

Then during the tickling Aether felt himself wiggling his toes frantically to try and lessen the ticklish feeling however that only highlighted another target for Yelan to attack, “hmmm you know Aether there’s one spot I haven’t tried yet” Yelan then said. At which point Aether felt the stiff feather tickling his right foot be taken away and then much to his horror, felt it begin to be flossed in-between his toes and his toe were easily his death zone.

“IIIHIHIHIHIHIHIHEHEHEHEHEHEE NNOHOHOHOHOOO NNAHAHAHAHAT MMIHIHIHIHI TOTHOHOHEOHEHEHESSS NNAHAHAHAHAT MMIHIHIHIHI TOTHOHOHEOHEHEHESSS, YYEHEHEHLLAHAHAHAHAHAHANNN PPLLEEHEHEHEHAAHAHAHSHSEEHEHEHEEE” Aether squealed loudly and then scrunched his toes tightly to try stop the feather, but it was no use. “I see, so it seems your toes are by far your most ticklish points” Yelan said in a calculated manner while continuing to attack Aether’s scrunched up toes with the feather, rubbing it against each of his toe stems.

Then as Yelan continued to tickle Aether’s scrunched up left foot, she looked at it in a calculating manner trying to see how she could torture Aether more but had she not hyper focused on his foot, Yelan would have maybe been able to discover Aether’s true secret. That of course being that he loves this kind of helpless tickle torture and Aether himself could feel himself becoming more turned on, as his masochistic fantasies were being met and then some.

However, from Yelan’s perspective her hyper focusing on Aether’s foot proved to be useful as she thought of another way to pressure Aether foot that would allow her to tickle his toes easier, or so she thought that is and she couldn’t have been more correct. Because as soon as Yelan used the quill of the fluffy feather to tickle the wrinkles on Aether foot, gliding them through the grooves made by Aether scrunching his soles it caused Aether to start to scream even feeling tears be brought to his eyes.

“SSSTTAHAHAHAHAHAAHAPPPP NNAHAHAHAHAHAHATTTT BEETWWHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHEEENNN MMIHIHIHIIHIHIHIII WRRHIIHIHIHNKKLEHEHEHEHSSSS, YYEHEHEHEHLLAHAHAHAHAHNNN, YYEHEHEHELLAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAANNNN” Aether screamed and squealed as tears started flowing down his cheek. “Crying? Really? Wow you really can’t take having your soles tickled huh” Yelan said in a playful mocking manner, as she moved over to Aether’s right foot and repeated the toe and winkle tickling much to Aether’s conflicted dismay.

A little while later Yelan stopped to give Aether a breather, while she dug out her next tool she wanted to use and would listen to Aether’s pants as she did “p-p-p-pl-l-lease Y-Y-Y-Yelan n-n-n-no m-m-m-more" Aether begged breathlessly. Which earned him an evil look of Yelan, “it’s cute really, you’re begging like this hoping for it all to end when I’ve only just got started” Yelan said in a sly manner and cupped Aether’s face in her hands once again.

Only this time it felt different, almost like she was touching him with dozens of little rubbers, and it was only when he looked down, he saw what Yelan was wearing and immediately his heart sank, as Yelan was wearing a pair of pet grooming gloves. “Oh these? Well, Ying’er done such a fantastic job tending to your feet I want to keep on top of her wonderful work” Yelan said playfully, while dragging the grooming gloves along his body and Aether getting all the more nervous because of it.

Then when he felt Yelan touch his soles, he immediately begins to freak out wiggling his feet wildly “hmmmmm you being allowed to wiggle your feet about is going to start to become hard to deal with...” Yelan said softly, however Aether could still hear it and panicked some more. Soon after he felt his toes be tied back by tie restraints that were coming down from the roof, while he could still scrunch his toes, he then lost the ability to wiggles his feet about meaning they were trapped and at Yelan’s mercy.

“There we are much better” Yelan said happily and swiftly started scrubbing Aether’s soles with the gloves she had, in turn making Aether’s body shake in his restraints and his head thrash about wildly “YYYEHEHEEHEHEHEHEHELLHAAHAHAHAHAHAAANNN TTHHHOHOHOHHOSSEHEHEHEHE GGGLLLOHOAHOAHOHAVVEHEHEHESSA AHAHAHHARREHEHEH TOOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOOO MMMAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHACHHHHH” Aether then laughed loudly. As each rubber fibre glided along his slender and soft soles, they’re milky white colour going a little pink due to the gloves “mmmm nah, these gloves are perfect for punishing naughty good boys like you” Yelan said smugly and watched as Aether was driven mad.

As she was tickling him, looking at how his soles reacted to the gloves, she saw that he couldn’t stop scrunching and un-curling his toes which gave Yelan and it was an idea that would be hell of Aether, as he felt Yelan focus her energy on tickling just his right foot. However, Aether would feel her tickle his sole with one glove which was bad enough, but the other glove he felt her slide the thumb and second finger between the gaps of his second toe and then use the rubber fibres to rub his toe stem.

This then making Aether scream and squeal “YYYYEHEHEHELLAAAHAHAHAHANN NNNNNOHOHOHOHOOO PPLLEEHEHEHEHAAHSHSHEEEE MMOOHOHRRAHAAHAHAHXXX NNOHOHOHOHOHOO IHIHIHIHIMMM GGOHOHOHOHIHIHIHNGGG IIHIHHOHOHOHUIHIHIHIHIHINNNNNNNSSAHAHAHAHNEHEHEHEEEE” Aether squealed in a loud feminine tone of voice. “Wow even your squeals and screams are very girly, I couldn’t imagine how you’d be treated if a group like the fatui captured you” Yelan said in a mocking tone, slowly going in between each of Aether’s toes and rubbing each toe stem just so she could hear Aether’s maddening squeals and screams.

“YYEHEHEHLLAHAHAHAHANNN SSSTTAHAHAHAHAHAHPPPP, SSSTTHAHAHAHAHHAHAHHAAHAAAPP IHIHIHIHMMM SSOHOHOHOHOHOOOO SSAHAHAHAHAHRRRRYYYY, MMEHEHEHEHEHERRCCYYYYY” Aether screamed in a girly tone. Aether feeling the tears roll down his eyes, his soles left in a never-ending state of tingling due to the grooming gloves being used on his soft sensitive soles and toes all the while praying that Yelan didn’t see how much this was turning him on.

As the more she tortured his right and felt foot with the gloves, showing how she can brutally inflict hellish tickle torture on him with this feeling even causing Aether to cry-giggle sometime after Yelan had stopped tickling his feet, as now she sat in front of him with a smug smile on her face. “Well, I can say that’s at least act I of your punishment done” Yelan then said with a smugly evil tone, this causing Aether to put on a fake look is despair and grief, when deep down he was very excited for act II.

“Don’t give me that look, you brought this on yourself however this next part you’ll need to be more... excited” Yelan said slyly and looked down towards Aether’s cock, Aether himself sighing in relief as the way Yelan phrased what she said. He knew that she didn’t know he was already turned on but worried what would happen if she went directly for his shorts, thankfully that wouldn’t happen as he saw Yelan said up for something that would naturally turn him on and not expose his love of being tickle tortured.

As while strung up and forced to watch Yelan’s every move he saw her slowly strip herself of her long boots and showed of the tops of her feet, this getting Aether visible excited “so you really do like girl’s feet hmmm do you like mine?” Yelan then said in teasing manner. Then leaned back on the chair she was sitting in, all while bending her knees so that her bare slender, silky smooth, narrow, soft looking, milky white size 10 soles and long slender toes were right in front of Aether’s face.

Yelan even curling her toes a little so show off the soft and smooth wrinkles on her soles and flash her dark blue nail polish, Aether however was too shy to answer as Yelan’s perfect looking bare soles was exciting him too much and would only get more excited as he then watched she gently pressed time against his face. Forcing Aether to inhale the sweet but powerful scent of her minty smelling feet “come on Aether if you answer my question, I’ll give you a nice reward” Yelan then said smugly and started rubbing her feet on his face in a slow and sensual manner.

“MMMmmm yes I do” Aether said in an embarrassed but lustful tone, “ok really what do you like about them” Yelan said smiling smugly as she had Aether eating out the palm of her hand or in this case the palm of her sole. “They look so smooth looking, your toes are beautifully slender, they feel so soft on my face, and they smell divine” Aether then blurted out as he enjoyed feeling his mistresses' soles on her face, this causing Yelan to smile even more contently.

“I see, I see I bet you wanna run your tongue all over them don’t you, you naughty pervert but I promised a reward so you may lick your mistresses' soles and make sure not to miss an inch\!” Yelan then commanded, then without hesitation. Yelan tensed her body up, before then relaxing as she felt Aether’s admittedly soft tongue graze the bottom of her feet, his tongue hyperactively going from the bottom of one sole to the top of the other and leaving a streak of saliva as he did.

“Maybe pet is more fitting than slave/slut given you’re such a good licker” Yelan said in a dominating tone of voice, really pressing her soles against his tongue and getting excited over hearing Aether’s pants and loud moans as he lost himself in licking Yelan’s soles. Soon enough Yelan could tell that every inch of both her soles had been covered and after looking down and seeing the rod sticking out from Aether’s she knew he was ready to be teased sexually.

So much to Aether’s disappointment he felt Yelan pull her feet away from his face and place them on a footrest connected to the chair she was sitting on, it was as Aether was looking down, he noticed something odd about the chair Yelan was on as it almost seemed like it was on tracks. At which point he then saw Yelan move closer to him while sitting on the chair and in her hand was a blindfold, “haaa adepti contraptions they make things so easy” Yelan said happily and in a smug manner.

Before then blindfolding Aether without a second thought “h-h-h-h-hey" Aether then nervously stated much to Yelan’s joy “I said we’re in act II now, that means more intense attacks” Yelan said while softly smirking to herself and before Aether knew it. He felt her start to pull his pants and underwear down at the same time, to make his cock and ball pop out and when Yelan looked at them she was quite surprised at how they looked while also being very impressed as well.

Yelan got a full look at his rock-hard cock and say that it was completely clean shaven as were his smooth looking balls, so clean shaven in fact that she saw that hair didn’t seem to grow there which only made her happier and another thing that made her super happy was the fact that. While Aether seemed a little meek, he clearly didn’t have a reason to compensate for anything as his erect cock looked like it was about 8 inches long “oh my Aether you really know how to please a girl” Yelan said slyly while staring at Aether’s impressive manhood.

This causing Aether to blush and tense up nervously as he waits in fated anticipation so see what is going to happen to him next, however he wouldn’t have to wait long as his body jolted, and his toes scrunched up as he felt two sharp tickle objects slowly be dragged down his pink tinted sensitive soles. “WWAAHAIHIHIHIHIHITTT WHAHAHAHAHHAHATTT IHIHIHIHISSS TTHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAATTT” Aether then squeals loudly and in a girly tone, “oh that? Just some metal nail claws I got given off Ningguang why are the hellish?” Yelan said in a smug condescending tone, as she ran more and more nail claws down Aether’s soles making him shriek and squeal.

“YYEHEHEEEHIHIHIHIIHI TTHEHEHEHEHEYYY TTIHIHIHIHIHEHEHEEHEHECCKKLLEHEHEHEHEE SSOHOHOHOHOHOO SSSOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOOO MMAHAHAHAHAHAHCCHHHHH” Aether squealed before quickly feel his eyes tear up behind the blindfold. “So honest, I can respect that and because of that” Yelan said, leaving her sentence unfinished on purpose so that Aether was left in suspense, his mind being racked with nerves, fear and most of all excitement as he waited to see how he was tortured next.

He wouldn’t have to wait long and what would happen next would make loud moans mix in with his squeals as he began to feel Yelan stroke his cock with her soles, holding his long hard cock still with the top of one foot while using the soles of the other to stoke it. Plus paired with her feet still being wet from the worshipping he done to her, that only added yet another layer of enjoyment to the foot job he was getting “YYEHEHEHELAHAHAAAHAHAAHAHAHANNNN PPLEHEHEEAHAAHSSEHEHEHEEE IHIHIHIHIHIMMM GGOHOHOHIHIHIHINNGGG CRRAHAHAHAHAHAAHZZYYYY” Aether squealed and moaned in a girly tone of voice.

“No, you would be going crazy if I could nibble your toes but you’re being a bad dog and not uncurling your toes” Yelan said in a controlling voice, as while Aether was submitting to Yelan’s foot job a little Yelan had been unsuccessfully trying to make Aether spread his toes. “Since you aren’t you leave me with no choice” Yelan said a little fed up and then, started running the nail claws through the wrinkles on Aether’s scrunched up soles causing him to scream and squeal.

“PLLEHEJEHEHEHEHAAHAHAHSSEHEHEHEE SSTTAHAHAHAHAHAPPP GGOHOHOHOHUIHIHIHIHINNGGGG TTTHRROHOHOHH0HOHOHUHUHUHUHUUUGGHHH MYYIHIHIHIHIHIIII WWRRRRIHIHIHHIHINNNNKKIHIHIAHIAHAAAHAHAAHLLLSSSSS” Aether then squealed and spread his toes wide. “There, good boy” Yelan slyly said, then the next thing Aether knew Yelan’s tongue started to be slid in-between his round bubbly toes, starting at his big and second toe he would feel Yelan’s tongue slowly and sensually slip around his toe stems and the gap between them.

Before then feeling her mouth cover both his big and second toes and her begin to suck and nibble on them, her tongue licking all about his toe stems when she’s not lightly scraping them with her teeth and this particular act Yelan came to understand was quite the strong one. As when she was doing it, she would hear her pet moan loudly and feel his cock in-between her soles twitch and throb violently “YYEEHLLASHAHAHAHAHAHANNN IHIHIHIHI CAAHAHAHAHAHANNAAHAHAAAA PPLLEHEHEEEEHEAHAHAHAAAA IHIHIHIHIHIHTTSS TOOOHOHOHOHOHOHOO MMAAHAHAHAHAHAACHHH, HEEHEHEHEHEELLPPP PLLEHEHEEHEHAHAAHAHAAHSEEHEHEHE” Aether mindlessly begged as he felt his body tingle and his mind go dizzy.

“MMMM no I don’t think I will” Yelan then said evilly as she pressured Aether’s toes more and more repeating the process with each toe on each foot, then if Aether every got the idea to stop her doing it by scrunching his soles, he would simply end up squealing more as Yelan ran the nail claws through his wrinkles. The claws themselves now leaving marks on his soft, sensitive and pink tinted soles and would disappear a few moments later and while yes, the nail clawing and toe nibbling was driving him mad, he still had to endure Yelan’s wet soles stroke his throbbing hard manhood as well.

Each alternating forward and backwards stroke, making Aether moan like a pet needing attention while of course being driven closer to an orgasm, an orgasm that because of all the different stimulation Aether didn’t even think twice about being denied. However, this naivety would prove costly as Yelan could soon feel something wet drip onto her feet, at first, she thought it might just some of his tears but after taking a closer look she could see that some of Aether’s precum.

“Hmmmm close to an orgasm are we my good boy?” Yelan said smugly and waited for Aether resonance “YYEHEHEEHEHEEHHAAHAHAHAAHAHAAA VEEHEHEEEHEHEEHAHAAAAHUHUHURRYYY IIIHIHIHIHIII NNEHEHEHEHEEEHEHHAAHAHAAAEHEHEHEEEDD IIIHIHIHIHIIT” Aether whined through his squeals and moans of torment. “Interesting well what we want and what we get are two different things” Yelan then said ominously and soon Aether was left groaning as while the tickle torture on his soles thankfully stopped allowing him a chance to breath, he also felt Yelan’s smooth soles come away from his rock-hard and throbbing cock. “N-N-N-N-Nuuu p-p-p-p-pleeease I-I-I'm cl-close, I n-n-need, I n-n-n-need" Aether whined and begged mindlessly as the tingling tickly sensation was still present and his cock was throbbing intensely.

Then after a little moment he heard Yelan stand up followed by the slapping of slippers on her heels “no what you need my cute little boy is to accept your punishment and understand you orgasm on my decision” Yelan then said in a soft and evil tone. Before then cupping Aether’s face and kissing him on the lips, hearing his moans as their tongues interlocked and watched is his erect cock continued to twitch and then once Aether felt Yelan be done kissing him.

He once again heard the slapping of slippers, followed by the opening and slamming of a chest and again more slipper slapping but this time though the noise was coming from behind him, “now Aether scream for me” Yelan said in a cold tone of voice. As that was said Aether felt two hard bristle hairbrushes scrub his soles making him squeal in ticklish agony, because as much as he loved being tied up and tickle tortured at the end of the day there is a phrase called too much of a fun thing.

“WWAHAHAHHAHAHAHAAA PPLLEHEHEHEHIHIHIHAAHAHAHAHASSSEHEHEHEHE IHIHIHIHIHIII CCAHAHAHAHAHAHANNTT IHIHIHIHIHMM TOHOHHOOOHOHOHOHOHOHOOO TTEHEHEHEHENNDDEHEHEHEERRR FFOHOHOHOHOORRR MOHOHOHOHOHORRHEHEHEHEEE” Aether then dried out. His sensitive soft feminine like soles feeling red hot and tender from all the tickling they have endured, “oh really do they feel that hot and sensitive to the touch? Excellent that’s perfect news as it means I’ve done my job well” Yelan said in a sly and boastful tone.

Then moved the brushes to the base of his toes and listened happily as Aether screamed and wailed in a crazy manner showing that the tickling was getting to him more and more and more, then after brushing his soles more until they were red. Yelan stopped and walked back around to Aether’s face, listening as his cry laughter slowly came to a stop and she saw that his face was soaked with tears as we the blindfold covering his eyes and his cheeks were a deep red colour, plus she also noticed that his braid in his hair had come undone.

This was probably due to the violent head shaking he’d been doing and now his blond hair was all over the place, looking very messy and frizzy with some hair covering his face “do you understand why you follow the Yanshan teahouses rules?” Yelan then asked in an evil tone. To which Aether nodded heavily “yes, yes, I understand all too well now, please, please, please\!\!\!\! Mercy" Aether pleaded wanting to be freed so he could relieve himself and not endure any more torture.

“Mercy? But my special boy you haven’t even orgasmed yet, it would be wrong of me to free you without finishing you off” Yelan said in a sweet and sadistic manner, then grabbed Aether’s erect cock and stroked it slowly and really listened to Aether’s desperate moans. “Firstly, though you need prepared” Yelan said in a vague tone which caused Aether’s eyes to widen behind the damp blindfold “ww-w-w-what do you mean prepared\!\!\!” Aether whined like a kid.

Then let out a sharp moan followed by a scared groan as he felt Yelan slowly peel back his foreskin so that his sensitive cock head was revealed, at which point he felt something be placed on it almost like it was being attached then felt his foreskin be let go and cover what felt like a rubber ball that was around his head. “Yelan what have you done?\!?\!” Aether then asks in a meek scared tone, “hmmm call it insurance that you won’t orgasm until I’m ready to let you” Yelan said slyly, causing Aether to groan loudly and only moments later he felt what seemed to be circular brushes be strapped to his soles.

“Yellllan I thought you said you’d let me cum\!” whined desperately and began to feel worked up due to how utterly helpless he was, “well with that attitude I might not now” Yelan then remarked and caused Aether to be stunned into silence. Simply just nervously humming as he felt Yelan play with his body in a taunting manner, as after strapping brushes to his soles he felt her play with is cock, lightly tickling it with her fingers so she could hear him moan and watch his cock twitch.

Before then taking two small vibrating pods and taping them to either side of Aether’s cock “there we go, now... laugh and moan” Yelan said commandingly and before Aether could react, he felt the brushes spin on his soles while the vibrating pods buzzed in short and sharp intervals which proved to really drive Aether mad. “IHIHIHIHEHEHEHEHEE WWWHIHIHIHIHIIII IHIHIHIHIHTTSSS TOHOHOHOHOHOHOHHHAHAHAAA MMAHAHAHAHAHCCCHHHH PLLEHEHEHAHAHAHAHAAAAASSEHEHEHEEEE MMEHEEEHEAAAHAHAAAAARRCCYY” Aether laughed loudly and moaned desperately.

Aether himself being pushed well beyond his limits to the point he feels like he’s being truly tortured, and it was a feeling he was getting addicted to because as much as this was truly torturing him his submissive side wanted to find out how much he could take. But after pleading some more he felt Yelan use her hand to lift his chin up a little, “you know Aether I’m starting to get a real kick out of watching you suffer so much so I want to reward you with a special orgasm...” Yelan then said vaguely.

Her words sounding very ominous as Aether wondered what she was thinking and would soon find out what she was thinking as he felt her shove a cylindrical shape into his mouth, “if you’re a good boy and want this special orgasm you’ll lick and suck on what I’m putting in your mouth” Yelan then gently commanded. At which point Aether obeyed her and began sucking vigorously on the object in his mouth, his tongue lapping around it as he did so and because of that he could feel the cock like shape of it resulting in him realizing that what was in his mouth as a dildo.

“Oh, my, Aether\! You seem to be enjoying this, is there something that you’re not tell me?” Yelan said teasingly, implying that Aether had done an act like this before and then listened to the shocked, muffled, laughter and moaning coming out of his mouth as he tried to refute her statement. “Try talking when your mouth isn’t full” Yelan then said tauntingly, then started to slowly push the dildo she was holding back and forth in Aether’s mouth to make sure it was totally moist.

As where it was going, the wetter it was the better it would be and the slurping that was happening on the dildo caused Aether’s laughs and moans to be very sloppy sounding, the brushes and vibrators giving Aether no chance to rest his body or mind. After a good while of sucking, Yelan making sure that the dildo was covered in saliva and smiling smugly at the saliva build up on Aether’s chin she turned the brushes on his now bright red, shining due to sweat, tender looking soles off and stopped the vibrators on his now throbbing cock, all of that followed up with Yelan taking the dildo out of Aether’s mouth.

“So, Aether, are you ready to orgasm for me?” Yelan said in a commanding and sexual tone, at which point Aether nodded his head furiously “Y-Y-Y-Yel-l-lan, y-y-yess I-I-I-I-I'm r-r-ready I’ll be your foot boy for the rest of time, j-j-just make y-y-your good boy c-c-cum" Aether pleaded in a desperate, needy and breathless tone. “What a perfect job you have done of asking for it my good boy and for that...” Yelan said happily and then put down the dildo for a moment, so she could take off the rubber orgasm blocker and vibrators, followed by the brushes on his soles. Then once that was done “oh I hope you know Aether; this dildo isn’t meant for me” Yelan then said casually, however that reaction she got off Aether was odd, it wasn’t one of shock or resistance.

But rather embarrassed acceptance, “huh... seems like there’s a story here, but since you don’t seem to be phased by it\!” Yelan said happily and then picked up the saliva covered dildo, then gently inserted it into Aether’s asshole with soft moans and a tense feeling coming from Aether as Yelan felt it reach his prostate. For Aether though this feeling was something he was all too familiar with as he’d been taken advantage of before like this and the feeling of being tickled, while getting his ass fucked and his cock stroked all at the same gave him one of the best orgasms he ever felt.

“Y-Y-Yelan, please, hurry” Aether said getting really, really desperate “you want it this badly, fine then” Yelan said and got to work, Aether himself hearing quick movements followed by the feeling of something else being placed in his mouth. This time though it was something he was familiar with, as Aether felt a hole filled round ball-gag be tied around his head and the ball part be softly pushed into his mouth in turn letting him breath easily but still be unable to talk.

Aether then heard Yelan giggle and gently kiss his mouth over the ball-gag, while stroking his head and running her hands through his messy hair “there now you can cum at my hands and I don’t need to be driven up the wall with your repetitive begging” Yelan said with a controlling manner. Before then walking back over to the chair she had, however she made a quick stop and picked up a little something after which she headed back over to the chair and sat down, Aether of course hearing all of this and started to get worried.

However, those thoughts of worry changed for thoughts of pleasure as something Aether didn’t realize due to the blindfold was that the object in his ass was in fact a vibrating one, a vibrating one that Yelan had just turned on and Aether felt massage his prostate. “MMMMMHMHMMMHMHPPPHHM MHMHMHMHMMM HHMHMHMHMHMMM MMHMHMHMHHMPPHHH” Aether then began to moan as the dildo in has ass began to pleasure him “interesting, so even a little penetration gets you going, maybe you are a girl after all Aether but just has a flat chest and cock and balls” Yelan said playfully.

Then continued to pleasure Aether with the dildo, as well as use her feet on his cock holding his throbbing cock gently, then slowly and softly stroked it with her soles causing the blond-haired traveller to lose his mind with loud muffled moans. “Aether, I must be honest with you, I could get very addicted to hearing these muffled, long groans of pleasure however do you know what it’s missing?” Yelan said with a sly tone, causing Aether to grow scared and nervous.

Which he was right to be as in a very gently manner, he felt the one tool Yelan knew drove him mad touch his bright sensitive tender soles those tools being... nail claws\!\!\! “What I said I’d make you cum, not that I wouldn’t stop tickling you” Yelan said in a smug tone. Then once again started stroking his soft sensitive soles with the claws in turn making Aether squeal loudly in-between his moans, “MMMMMMMMMMHHMHMHMHMHMHHMHMHMHM MHMHMHMHMHMHMHMHPPHHH HMHMHMHMHMMHMHMHMMMPPHH MHMHMHMHMHMMMM MHMHMHMHMHMHPPPHHHH” Aether squealed and moaned wildly.

Tears rolling down his eyes and mixing with saliva dribbling out of his mouth, the feet tickling driving him mad with it getting worse as Yelan goes back to attacking his toes with her mouth, repeating the same process as before which got Aether nervous as what if this was all just a big set up for another cruel denial. Yelan however could tell this and went to reassure Aether he was free to cum “Aether you have been a very good boy and took this punishment very well, so whenever you’re ready you can orgasm” Yelan said in a clam reassuring manner.

Then almost as if it was a sweet relief to hear that, mere moments later Aether let out the loudest scream and squeal of pleasure he could as he felt his cock begin to erupt the foot job and penetration causing him to cum like a girl. As his cum shot out his cock fast and landed a fair distance away from him, Yelan even smiling playfully as she guided his erupting cock with her feet until eventually, he stopped spraying his cum and his mind went totally blank from all the intense and hellish torture.

“Hehe, seems my poor good boy has completely worn himself out, bless him though he did endure a hell of a lot” Yelan said to herself as she turned off the vibrating dildo and pulled it out Aether’s asshole, then waited for Aether to become responsive after such a hard orgasm. During which she took of his blindfold and gag so he could at least see himself the state he was in, thankfully as well though Yelan didn’t have to wait long for Aether to start looking about weakly, his eye adjusting gently to the dim light and seeing Yelan look at him smugly.

“So, Aether have we learned our lesson” Yelan said softly as she waked towards Aether, Aether himself nodding heavily “yes, one thousand times yes” Aether blurted out desperately hoping that this was him at the end of his punishment. “Good I’m glad, I’m very glad” Yelan said casually not leaving any hints of if Aether punishment was over which had him worried, “so um can I be freed now?” Aether said submissively, hoping Yelan would say yes.

But the look on her face, told Aether a different story “before you start to panic this final act isn’t going to be anywhere near as bad a what you’ve endured, however you are going to be tickled for about another hour” Yelan then said, these words causing Aether to groan. “Yelan please, I’ve been tickled enough already my soles won’t be able to handle anymore” Aether pleaded in a childlike manner, “look you’ve already endured this much so what’s one more hour, plus you’ll even be allowed too freely cum as well\!” Yelan then said reasoning to Aether.

As much as Aether complained and whined, he knew that at the end of the day Yelan was the one in control currently so what she says goes, “look all that’s going to happen is these big egg vibrators are going to be tapped to your soles and these smaller ones to your cock” Yelan started off saying. “Then for the next hour they buzz away on your body giving you one final punishment and after an hour, they’ll stop, and you’ll be freed from these restraints at which point you’ll be free to scuttle out the way we came in and no one will be any the wiser at what happened here today” Yelan then finished off explaining.

All the while sticking the vibrators to his cock and soles Aether still protesting it throughout then once she was done, “right that should be you, as much as I’d love to be the one tormenting you, I do have other business to attend to” Yelan then said in an organized tone of voice. Then walked towards the exit, “so hopefully for your sake you never end up on in this situation with me again” Yelan said calmly and started the timer on his restraints and vibrators and walked out the room.

Listening to Aether’s laughs and moans as she did, however what she failed to notice is they sounded happier and accepting as Aether understanding he was alone and trapped for the next hour decided that he was going to enjoy being tickled and made to cum. Since he knew no matter what happens in an hours' time, he would be free and there was no point in being sad about being tickle tortured so as the minutes ticked by, and Aether laughed more and more he took one lesson away from today with that lesson being always follow the Yanshan teahouse’s rules.
